Remove obsolete text in httpServer.adoc (#10812)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-core: src/main/docs/guide/httpServer.adoc

Micronaut framework includes both non-blocking HTTP server and client APIs based on https://netty.io[Netty].

> The goal of the HTTP server is to make it as easy as possible to expose services to be consumed by HTTP clients and web pages, regardless of the language they are written in. There is support for rendering HTML from a variety of templating frameworks in the https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-views/5.2.2/guide/[Micronaut Views] module. To use the HTTP server you need the `http-server-netty` dependency in your build:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of the HTTP server is to make it as easy as possible to expose services to be consumed by HTTP clients and web pages, regardless of the language they are written in. There is support for rendering HTML from a variety of templating frameworks in the https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-views/latest/guide/[Micronaut Views] module. To use the HTTP server you need the `http-server-netty` dependency in your build:
```
